Time based game.
	Each object (enemies, powerups, mini bosses, bosses) will appear at a certain
time after the start of the level.
	objects will only live for a certain time, before self destructing/leaving the
screen.
	Bosses must be beaten, mini bosses may kill them selves, or leave if time
expires
	x,y position can be random or pre coded. Usually will be right/top edge of
screen, depending on scroll direction
Random enemies
	Enemies will be added randomly

Ship Class. could also be a struct, with functions that take a struct * as a
parameter
	Each ship (player and enemies) will need a x and y coord. X and y velocity. 
	Sheilds and health. Weapon types and status.
	Will include functions to update positions, status, ect.
	Will have collision functions as well.

Background
	Bitmaps can be used and scrolled. This will allow for us to create land levels
where you are flying over a planet.
	A simple starfield can be used as well. This uses less memory, and creates a
pretty good effect.

Main Game Loop
	Load up graphic files 
	Set Up grpahics mode
	
	while( ! done )
	{

                //update data()
                    //update the movement of all the bullets and items

		Update any on screen bullets
                //check for player input()
                      // if(keypressed())
                           //check what the key is
                                //if a valid key
                                     //then do the neccasary action
 
                //get ai decisions() 
                     //for each enemy ship
                          //check whether moving, shooting, or nothing is better
                              //input decision



		If any ships get hit decrease sheilds/health
		If any ships die, blow them up
		IF player dies then set done = true and break out of while loop
                //check if any collisions have taken place
                    //decide what collision has taken place and do the action that is supposed to happen
		
		Check player input
		update player velocitys and position
		if player is shooting, add another bullet

                //redraw everything on the screen()

		update all active enemy positions
		should the enemies shoot? add any bullets if necessary
	
		

		is it time for a boss? if so clear out any enemies and enter the boss
		if no boss is on screen then randomly check to add any enemies.
		

	}

			GUNS

-start off with default gun that has unlimited ammo and two special guns that starts off with very little ammo
-can gain special guns through special items
-there is only one type of ammo for all of the special guns but it is limited and it comes with the gun you pick up
-each special gun has a predetermined amount of ammo and can not be increased

special gun 1 - shock wave - kills anything it touches but moves slow and only one can be set off at a time
              - very little ammo
special gun 2 - laser beam - same power as default gun but moves twice as fast - moderate amount of ammo
special gun 3 - missle launcher - very powerful gun but takes a while to shoot off - little ammo
special gun 4 - sniper gun - has the best "lock on" of all the guns.  get this gun's cross hairs and they will automatically
                stick onto the ship.  not very fast and only as powerful as the default gun -  average ammo 

			ENEMY SHIPS

ship 1 - looks to move from side to side while shooting when in the middle portion of the screen
ship 2 - likes to go to the right side of the screen and shoot the whole time while reaching the left side of the screen
         then once it reaches the left side of the screen (about 3/5 the way down) it will start kamakazi itself into the               
         player
ship 3 - if the player goes right this ship goes right (unless unable to) if the player goes left this ship goes left
         else this ship only moves down and only shoots whenever the player shoots
ship 4 - this ship is the exact opposite of ship 3 except that it still shoots when the player shoots
ship 5 - looks to move from side to side while shooting when in the outter portions of the screen
special ship 1 - only objective is to kamakazi itself into the player (does not shoot)
special ship 2 - sends a special shock wave through the air that will not matter what take away damage and is unavoidable
                 however the ship can only let off one wave at a time but the ship is the hardest to kill




Objects for game: 

 health powerup
 
 

